docs: Add docs about $flag.properties (#965)
open-feature/flagd: docs/reference/flag-definitions.md

`targeting` is an **optional** property.
A targeting rule **must** be valid JSON.

> Flagd uses a modified version of [JsonLogic](https://jsonlogic.com/), as well as some custom pre-processing, to evaluate these rules.

Reviewer: :sunglasses:

| `ends_with`                        | Attribute ends with the specified value             | Logic: `#!json { "ends_with" : [ "noreply@example.com", "@example.com"] }`<br>Result: `true`<br><br>Logic: `#!json { ends_with" : [ "noreply@example.com", "@test.com"] }`<br>Result: `false`<br>Additional documentation can be found [here](./custom-operations/string-comparison-operation.md).|
| `sem_ver`                          | Attribute matches a semantic versioning condition   | Logic: `#!json {"sem_ver": ["1.1.2", ">=", "1.0.0"]}`<br>Result: `true`<br><br>Additional documentation can be found [here](./custom-operations/semver-operation.md).                                                                                                                   |

#### $flagd properties in the evaluation context

Flagd adds the following properties to the evaluation context that can be used in the targeting rules.

| Property | Description | From version |
|----------|-------------|--------------|

> | `$flagd.flagKey` | The name of the flag key | v0.6.4 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `$flagd.flagKey` | The flag key that's being evaluated | v0.6.4 |
```

I'm not sure if I love my suggestion but I'm struggling to find a good way to phrase this.

Reviewer: try: https://github.com/open-feature/flagd/pull/965/files#r1357389559

Author: Updated as per Todd suggested. Thank you!

> | `$flagd.flagKey` | The name of the flag key | v0.6.4 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `$flagd.flagKey` | The identifier for the flag being evaluated | v0.6.4 |
```

Author: Done. Thank you!

> | `$flagd.flagKey` | The identifier for the flag being evaluated | v0.6.4 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `$flagd.flagKey` | the identifier for the flag being evaluated | v0.6.4 |
```

> | `$flagd.timestamp`| A unix timestamp (in seconds) of the time of evaluation | unreleased |

Reviewer 2: We should probably wait until this feature is released. As of now, the version will be `v0.6.7`.

https://github.com/open-feature/flagd/pull/919

Reviewer: Let's just do a release now - it will add this feature and also fix that erroneous log bug.

> | `$flagd.timestamp`| A unix timestamp (in seconds) of the time of evaluation | v0.6.7 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `$flagd.timestamp`| a unix timestamp (in seconds) of the time of evaluation | v0.6.7 |
```

| Function                           | Description                                         | Example                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ---------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `fractional` (_available v0.6.4+_) | Deterministic, pseudorandom fractional distribution | Logic: `#!json { "fractional" : [ { "var": "email" }, [ "red" , 50], [ "green" , 50 ] ] }` <br>Result: Pseudo randomly `red` or `green` based on the evaluation context property `email`.<br><br>Additional documentation can be found [here](./custom-operations/fractional-operation.md).        |

Author: These changes are adding the missing period at the end.
